README.md, before:

# Austin Tech List

WIP project to create a list of places in Austin that hire developers.

## Submitting an addition

1. Fork the repo
2. Add an entry to the list in `index.js`:

``` JavaScript
    {
      // The previous entry
    },

    {
      name: 'Company Name',
      homepage: 'https://www.companyname.com/',
      careers: 'https://www.companyname.com/jobs/',
      address: '123 E 6th St, Austin, TX 78701',
      plusCode: '1234+4H Austin, Texas',
    },

    {
      // The next entry
    },
```

3. Submit a pull request

For more information, [read about forking and submitting PRs](https://guides.github.com/activities/forking/). Remember, there's nothing to fear about submitting a PR - everything gets reviewed and tested before getting added to the `master` branch!

## Suggesting an addition

If you'd rather not submit a pull request, you can [file a suggestion here](https://github.com/codementorship/austin-tech-list/issues/new?assignees=&labels=enhancement%2C+good+first+issue&template=suggest-an-addition.md&title=Add+company%3A+%5BCOMPANY%5D).

Commit message:

Squashed commit of the following:
commit f00d75459a121b301ab83c7a1b52a91a3bbe8833
Author: CB <2cb-log@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Mon Mar 4 13:25:47 2019 -0600

    Add The Zebra (company) to list of Austin companies (#40)

    * add contact details for The Zebra (company) in Austin

    * reposition company entry in strict alpha order to pass test

commit bd907556e3515ce0568f008632f832d55daa6dca
Author: Matthew Curtis <matthew@matthewbryancurtis.com>
Date:   Mon Mar 4 08:57:48 2019 -0600

    Adds HomeAway to list (#33)

commit ebc67eb43aad6930bea8fa44e4047e5600bf26bd
Author: Jeff Yates <jeff@somewhatabstract.com>
Date:   Mon Mar 4 08:57:19 2019 -0600

    Adding Khan Academy and adapting to support remote jobs (#30)

    * Adding Khan Academy and adapting to support remote jobs

    * Make the pluscode blank for Remote jobs

    * Fix the code style issue in the tests

    * Fix Khan Academy jobs URL

commit b565663b77e78961ea6ca12a48e175fc668fa580
Author: Logan Tanous <logantanous@gmail.com>
Date:   Sat Mar 2 12:21:16 2019 -0600

    Adds aunt bertha to lists of hiring companies  (#31)

    * adds aunt bertha to lists of hiring companies

    * moves Aunt bertha to top to make it alphabetized

    * add N/A to the careers section

    * fix pluscode syntax

    * since they dont have a careers page I added the homepage as a career

README.md, after:

# Austin Tech List

WIP project to create a list of places in Austin that hire developers or places that support developers working remotely from Austin.

## Submitting an addition

1. Fork the repo
2. Add an entry to the list in `index.js`:

``` JavaScript
    {
      // The previous entry
    },

    {
      name: 'Company Name',
      homepage: 'https://www.companyname.com/',
      careers: 'https://www.companyname.com/jobs/',
      address: '123 E 6th St, Austin, TX 78701',
      plusCode: '1234+4H Austin, Texas',
    },

    {
      // The next entry
    },
```

3. Submit a pull request

For more information, [read about forking and submitting PRs](https://guides.github.com/activities/forking/). Remember, there's nothing to fear about submitting a PR - everything gets reviewed and tested before getting added to the `master` branch!

## Suggesting an addition

If you'd rather not submit a pull request, you can [file a suggestion here](https://github.com/codementorship/austin-tech-list/issues/new?assignees=&labels=enhancement%2C+good+first+issue&template=suggest-an-addition.md&title=Add+company%3A+%5BCOMPANY%5D).
